README.md, before:

<img src="./img/bgreadme.jpeg" width="200rem">
<h2>Hey there! I'm Miguel </h2>

<!-- ## 👋 &nbsp;Hey there! I'm Aditya -->

### 👨🏻‍💻 &nbsp;About Me

💡 &nbsp;I like to explore new technologies and develop software solutions and quick hacks.\
🎓 &nbsp;I'm currently studying Systems engineering at the University Uniciencia.\
🌱 &nbsp;I'm on track for learning more about Artificial Intelligence, Systems Design, and Cloud Architecture.\
✍️ &nbsp;In my free time I dedicate myself to learning about Docker and improving my coding skills.\
💬 &nbsp;Feel free to reach out to me for pro bono consulting and volunteering, or just for some interesting discussion.\
✉️ &nbsp;You can shoot me an email at ninosilvagpt@gmail.com ! I'll try to respond as soon as I can.\
📄 &nbsp;Please have a look at my [Résume](./pdf/Hoja%20de%20Vida%20-%20Miguel%20Angel%20Niño%20Silva.pdf) for more details about me. I'm open to feedback and suggestions!

<img alt="Night Coding" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AVS1508/AVS1508/master/assets/Night-Coding.gif" align="right"/>

### 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-05122A?style=flat&logo=python)&nbsp;
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-05122A?style=flat&logo=javascript)&nbsp;
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-05122A?style=flat&logo=Java&logoColor=FFA518)&nbsp;
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-05122A?style=flat&logo=react)&nbsp;
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-05122A?style=flat&logo=node.js)&nbsp;
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-05122A?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=563D7C)\
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-05122A?style=flat&logo=HTML5)&nbsp;
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-05122A?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=1572B6)&nbsp;
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-05122A?style=flat&logo=git)&nbsp;
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-05122A?style=flat&logo=github)&nbsp;\
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Visual%20Studio%20Code-05122A?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC)&nbsp;
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)&nbsp;

### ⚙️ &nbsp;GitHub Analytics

![MIGUELNINOSILVA's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MIGUELNINOSILVA&theme=vue-dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&count_private=true)

![MIGUELNINOSILVA's Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MIGUELNINOSILVA&theme=vue-dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&layout=compact)

### 🤝🏻 &nbsp;Connect with Me

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/miguelninosilva/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="mailto:ninosilvagpt@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/adityavs_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/MiguelSkeree?locale=es_LA"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://api.whatsapp.com/send/?phone=3126078359&text&type=phone_number&app_absent=0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

Commit message:

Add full stack projects to README.md

README.md, after:

<img src="./img/bgreadme.jpeg" width="200rem">
<h2>Hey there! I'm Miguel </h2>

<!-- ## 👋 &nbsp;Hey there! I'm Aditya -->

### 👨🏻‍💻 &nbsp;About Me

💡 &nbsp;I like to explore new technologies and develop software solutions and quick hacks.\
🎓 &nbsp;I'm currently studying Systems engineering at the University Uniciencia.\
🌱 &nbsp;I'm on track for learning more about Artificial Intelligence, Systems Design, and Cloud Architecture.\
✍️ &nbsp;In my free time I dedicate myself to learning about Docker and improving my coding skills.\
💬 &nbsp;Feel free to reach out to me for pro bono consulting and volunteering, or just for some interesting discussion.\
✉️ &nbsp;You can shoot me an email at ninosilvagpt@gmail.com ! I'll try to respond as soon as I can.\
📄 &nbsp;Please have a look at my [Résume](./pdf/Hoja%20de%20Vida%20-%20Miguel%20Angel%20Niño%20Silva.pdf) for more details about me. I'm open to feedback and suggestions!

<img alt="Night Coding" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AVS1508/AVS1508/master/assets/Night-Coding.gif" align="right"/>

### 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-05122A?style=flat&logo=python)&nbsp;
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-05122A?style=flat&logo=javascript)&nbsp;
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-05122A?style=flat&logo=Java&logoColor=FFA518)&nbsp;
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-05122A?style=flat&logo=react)&nbsp;
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-05122A?style=flat&logo=node.js)&nbsp;
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-05122A?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=563D7C)\
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-05122A?style=flat&logo=HTML5)&nbsp;
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-05122A?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=1572B6)&nbsp;
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-05122A?style=flat&logo=git)&nbsp;
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-05122A?style=flat&logo=github)&nbsp;\
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Visual%20Studio%20Code-05122A?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC)&nbsp;
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)&nbsp;

### ⚙️ &nbsp;GitHub Analytics

![MIGUELNINOSILVA's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MIGUELNINOSILVA&theme=vue-dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&count_private=true)

![MIGUELNINOSILVA's Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MIGUELNINOSILVA&theme=vue-dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&layout=compact)

### 🤝🏻 &nbsp;Connect with Me

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/miguelninosilva/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="mailto:ninosilvagpt@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/adityavs_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/MiguelSkeree?locale=es_LA"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://api.whatsapp.com/send/?phone=3126078359&text&type=phone_number&app_absent=0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>


### 💻 &nbsp;My projects full stack (MERN)
- [KARIO-MEDIA](https://github.com/MIGUELNINOSILVA/KARIO-MEDIA.git) (Contribuition with the frontend, HTML, CSS and JS, REACTJS, I led the project and made sure that the branches were merged ).

- [Ecommerce](https://github.com/MIGUELNINOSILVA/Aplicativo-Web---API.git) (MERN STACK)

-  [Loan managment](https://github.com/MIGUELNINOSILVA/Sistema-gestion-prestamos-monetarios.git) (HTML, CSS and JS, NODEJS, EXPRESS, MONGODB, REACTJS).

---
